TiDB functions: update command output (#18349)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/tidb-functions.md

| Function name | Function description |
| :-------------- | :------------------------------------- |

> | [`CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`](#current_resource_group)  | Returns the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See also: [Use resource control to achieve resource isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`](#current_resource_group)  | Returns the name of the resource group that the current session is bound to. See [using resource control to achieve resource isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md). |
```

> | [`TIDB_BOUNDED_STALENESS()`](#tidb_bounded_staleness) | Instructs TiDB to read most recent data within a specified time range. See also: [Read historical data using the `AS OF TIMESTAMP` clause](/as-of-timestamp.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`TIDB_BOUNDED_STALENESS()`](#tidb_bounded_staleness) | Instructs TiDB to read the most recent data within a specified time range. See [reading historical data using the `AS OF TIMESTAMP` clause](/as-of-timestamp.md). |
```

| [`TIDB_PARSE_TSO()`](#tidb_parse_tso) | Extracts the physical timestamp from a TiDB TSO timestamp. See also: [`tidb_current_ts`](/system-variables.md#tidb_current_ts). |
| [`TIDB_PARSE_TSO_LOGICAL()`](#tidb_parse_tso_logical) | Extracts the logical timestamp from a TiDB TSO timestamp. |
| [`TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM()`](#tidb_row_checksum) | Queries the checksum value of a row. This function can only be used in `SELECT` statements within the FastPlan process. That is, you can query through statements like `SELECT TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM() FROM t WHERE id = ?` or `SELECT TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM() FROM t WHERE id IN (?, ?, ...)`. See also: [Data integrity validation for single-row data](/ticdc/ticdc-integrity-check.md). |
| [`TIDB_SHARD()`](#tidb_shard) | Creates a shard index to scatter the index hotspot. A shard index is an expression index with a `TIDB_SHARD` function as the prefix.|
| [`TIDB_VERSION()`](#tidb_version) | Returns the TiDB version with additional build information. |

> | [`VITESS_HASH()`](#vitess_hash) | Returns the hash of a number. This function is compatible with Vitess' `HASH` function and is intended to help the data migration from Vitess. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`VITESS_HASH()`](#vitess_hash) | Returns the hash of a number. This function is compatible with the `HASH` function of Vitess, and is intended to help the data migration from Vitess. |
```

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

| Function name | Function description |
| :-------------- | :------------------------------------- |

> | [`CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`](#current_resource_group)  | Returns the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See also: [Use resource control to achieve resource isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md). |
> | [`TIDB_BOUNDED_STALENESS()`](#tidb_bounded_staleness) | Instructs TiDB to read most recent data within a specified time range. See also: [Read historical data using the `AS OF TIMESTAMP` clause](/as-of-timestamp.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`](#current_resource_group)  | Returns the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See [using resource control to achieve resource isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md). |
| [`TIDB_BOUNDED_STALENESS()`](#tidb_bounded_staleness) | Instructs TiDB to read most recent data within a specified time range. See [reading historical data using the `AS OF TIMESTAMP` clause](/as-of-timestamp.md). |
```

| [`TIDB_PARSE_TSO()`](#tidb_parse_tso) | Extracts the physical timestamp from a TiDB TSO timestamp. See also: [`tidb_current_ts`](/system-variables.md#tidb_current_ts). |
| [`TIDB_PARSE_TSO_LOGICAL()`](#tidb_parse_tso_logical) | Extracts the logical timestamp from a TiDB TSO timestamp. |
| [`TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM()`](#tidb_row_checksum) | Queries the checksum value of a row. This function can only be used in `SELECT` statements within the FastPlan process. That is, you can query through statements like `SELECT TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM() FROM t WHERE id = ?` or `SELECT TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM() FROM t WHERE id IN (?, ?, ...)`. See also: [Data integrity validation for single-row data](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-integrity-check). |
| [`TIDB_SHARD()`](#tidb_shard) | Creates a shard index to scatter the index hotspot. A shard index is an expression index with a `TIDB_SHARD` function as the prefix.|
| [`TIDB_VERSION()`](#tidb_version) | Returns the TiDB version with additional build information. |

> | [`VITESS_HASH()`](#vitess_hash) | Returns the hash of a number. This function is compatible with Vitess' `HASH` function and is intended to help the data migration from Vitess. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`VITESS_HASH()`](#vitess_hash) | Returns the hash of a number. This function is compatible with the `HASH` function of Vitess, and is intended to help the data migration from Vitess. |
```
